Update ms.custom value to the new value and add addl. highlights (#44580)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/how-to-initialize-a-dictionary-with-a-collection-initializer.md

Note the two pairs of braces in each element of the collection in the first declaration. The innermost braces enclose the object initializer for the `StudentName`, and the outermost braces enclose the initializer for the key/value pair to be added to the `students` <xref:System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary%602>. Finally, the whole collection initializer for the dictionary is enclosed in braces. In the second initialization, the left side of the assignment is the key and the right side is the value, using an object initializer for `StudentName`.

## Use GitHub Copilot to initialize a dictionary

> You can use GitHub Copilot in your IDE to generate C# code to initialize a dictionary with a collection initialzier. You can customize the prompt to add specifics per your requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use GitHub Copilot in your IDE to generate C# code to initialize a dictionary with a collection initializer. You can customize the prompt to add specifics per your requirements.
```

The following text shows an example prompt for Copilot Chat:

```copilot-prompt

> /generate C# code to initialize Dictionary<int, Employee> using key-value pairs within the collection initializer. The employee class has two properties: Name and Age.

Reviewer 2: I think the forward slash here is a typo. Also, let's teach developers to create a record here:

```suggestion
Generate C# code to initialize Dictionary<int, Employee> using key-value pairs within the collection initializer. The employee class is a record class with two properties: Name and Age.
```

Author: \generate is one of the slash commands in copilot, but will remove to avoid confusion.
